In this lecture, you'll learn about SS age, Shakya shall there's a problem with tallness in that all
traffic between your workstation under our door switch goes in plaintext text.
So if anybody's sniffing about traffic, you'll see all of the commands that you're sending to the device
and worse will be able to see what your username and password is.
So they'll be able to log in as you later on.
So we don't want to do that.
We don't want to use telnet.
We want to use MSH instead.
S.H. works just like Telnet.
It gives you command line access to the switch.
But unlike telling it all with atrophic is encrypted.
So even if somebody is sniffing your traffic, they're not going to be able to read it.
They won't be able to read what commands you're sending or be able to see your username and password.
So best practice is to enable SFH and disable telnet.
To enable assess each, it needs a way to encrypt the traffic, so it uses a digital certificate for
this and one of the attributes are not digital certificate is a domain name.
So you need to set the domain name first.
The command provider is IP domain name.
And in the example here, I'm using black box dot com.
You can use your organization's domain name if you want.
It doesn't really matter.
You can use anything to be configured with the main name.
Then we need to generate the certificate.
The command for what is crypto key generate RSA.
Oddisee stands for Reversed Shamir and Adelman Bosavi guys that invented this.
So you do that.
The record will then ask you how many bits you want to use for a certificate.
The lowest value you can use underwriter's 512.
But for SS age, the lowest value that is allowed is seven, six, eight.
So you use 760 or higher for your associate certificate.
So that is our certificate generated.
Now we just need to make sure the SS H is enabled on the V lines was VTI.
Virtual terminal lines are used to control both incoming telnet and AC access as well.
And can best practices enable access each but disable tallness by default?
Bov are enabled.
So with SFH you cannot use a line level password for telnet.
You can either use a line level password or you can use individual usernames.
But for SSA it has to be individual usernames.
So our config here I've configured username blackbox with a password, a flat box one I should have
used secret Dobrev and password there.
It's Viniar where it's more secure.
But if I've enabled service password encryption, it will still be encrypted in the short running IP
anyway.
OK, so I've got my user there then I need to configure my lines.
So I've got Langkawi 015 and then transport in Peut S.H..
The default is transport input all which allows both telnet and associates.
We want to only allow SFH so we just chance transport input associates.
You don't mention telnet there then login Woolco to use your local usernames and I exit back out to
global config and I say IPSC.
Each version to that is optional.
That that means it will only accept association version two incoming, which is the latest version.
It's a bit more secure than the older versions.
OK, so that's how we can figure out when to actually use it.
If we're at a Linux client, we can see S.H. Dosch URL for the username and our user name was Flat Box
and we're SFH to the device at Tand or dot org ten.
It will then prompt this for a password.
Won't ask us for the user name because we already included that in the SS H Command.
So when X has got support for associates by default, Windows does not show on windows.
Typically we will use Potti even if you're used to always using potty in real world, you still need
to know of command associates.
Dujayl username on then the IP address because this is what you can get tested on in the Shishani exam.
OK, so that was how we can figure.
S.H. see you in the next lecture where I'll show you doing it in the.